BD-2046: Adobe event forwarding documentation (#5241)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/customer_data_platform/adobe/adobe.md

## Prerequisites

| Requirement | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Adobe account | An [Adobe account](https://account.adobe.com/) is required to take advantage of this partnership. |
| Braze REST API key | A Braze REST API key with `users.track` permissions. <br><br> This can be created within the **Braze Dashboard > Developer Console > REST API Key > Create New API Key**. |
| Braze instance | Your Braze instance can be obtained from your Braze onboarding manager or can be found on the [API overview page]({{site.baseurl}}/api/basics/#endpoints). |
| Braze REST endpoint  | Your REST endpoint URL. Your endpoint will depend on the [Braze URL for your instance]({{site.baseurl}}/api/basics/#endpoints). |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

{% alert important %}

> Note that the sending of additional custom attributes may cause data points concerns. We advise speaking with your respective rep to better understand this potential data point increase.

Reviewer: Small point here on defensive language, "may cause data points concerns" seems a bit vague and spooky. Is it not okay in this case to explicitly state that sending additional custom attributes will increase data point consumption? Also "respective rep"—that should be either customer success manager or account manger, right?

> Note that the sending of additional custom attributes may cause data points concerns. We advise speaking with your respective rep to better understand this potential data point increase.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that the sending of additional custom attributes will increase your data point usage. We advise speaking with your customer success manager to better understand this potential data point increase.
```
